Now, you've seen the Kafka Connect API in
action and you're getting more comfortable with how the tool works conceptually.
We're going to explore how to actually
configure some of the most common Kafka connectors?
Specifically, you'll see how to use the SQL, JDBC source,
and sink connectors in addition to the file stream source connector.
We can't cover every connector in this class but by the end of this section,
you'll have a good idea how most connectors are configured and have the skills you
need to jump into the documentation and find those connectors and learn how to use them.
One of the most common uses of Kafka in many organizations is
the routing of log data from many disparate microservices.
In fact, this is one of the example real-world use cases we covered in Lesson 1.
How do you actually get your logs into Kafka though?
Do you modify your application to write logs both to disk and to Kafka?
Do you write or find stand-alone applications to pipe your logs to Kafka?
Well, some logging tools do support integrations of Kafka.
One of the easiest and most ubiquitous ways to pipe
log data into Kafka is to use Kafka Connect.
To do this,, Kafka Connect can be configured to use
a file stream source connector to monitor changes in a file on disk.
As data in that file changes,
Kafka captures those changes and emits each new line as an event in a Kafka topic.
What's awesome about this approach is that your application can
remain entirely unaware that it's logs are going to Kafka.
This is especially powerful when you can't or don't
want to modify legacy applications to work with Kafka.
Your applications simply continues to write its logs to
a log file or to the sys log and Kafka Connect ships the logs for you.